<script>
  import { Link } from "$lib/components"
</script>

# Nothing Notes App
The 'Nothing Notes' app is a utility application designed to provide a seamless note-taking experience. The app is built using Svelte Kit and MongoDB, and it's hosted on Vercel. The UI is very brutalist and based on the <Link href="https://nothing.tech/">Nothing&#8482;</Link> design.

## Features
### User Authentication
The app provides user authentication features, including sign-up, log-in, and log-out functionality. It also includes password management features such as forgot password and reset password.

### Note Management
Users can create, view, and delete notes. The notes are stored in a MongoDB database and are associated with the user who created them. Each note has an owner, and the app checks if the logged-in user is the owner of the note before allowing them to view or delete it.
You also have various feature like pinning a note to access it more easley, archiving a note if you don't want it anymore but still are not ready to permanently delete it. You can also duplicate a note.
Notes can be either public or private. Private notes can only be viewed by the owner, while public notes can be viewed by anyone. You can share notes with the native `navigator.share` api or by copying the note's url as a fallback if the api is unavailable.

### WPA
This website can also be installed on devices as a web-app so you can use it on your phone like a real native app.

## Sitemap Generation
The app includes a script to generate a sitemap. The sitemap is generated by traversing the directory tree of the routes and adding each route to the sitemap.
